Audrey view of Ed Eddy Eddson
BEANS
9
When they met, audrey and Ed slowly became friends, they played together, and talked a lot.
Ed fell in love with Audrey, but she doesn't know, she sees him as a complete mess, wanting to help him get
back on his feet and get his life together.
When ed started recieving playing cards in his mail and doing "the towns dirty laundry" audrey wwas scared of him for what he has done
almsot killing a man, even if he had deserved it. but she knew he was the one who had to do it.
She argued that he was chosen and knew he was doing the right thing.




intro
------
In a land not far from earth, to be precise right on earth,
a young man lives, thought not sa joyful as one would hope, this man

was ed

ed is a 19 year old cabdriver with a jumbled up mess of crimes, bad memories and crimes as a childhood.
to make a living he started making soem money as a cabdriver, because he is still too young to legally drive a taxi, he has to avaiod police and other agencies
that would, at this point in time, ruin his life even further.
Bob dylan who was a popular performer in greenwhich village when he was 19,
salvador dali who was creating sought after artworks at 19 and Joan of arc who was the most wanted peson in the world when she was 19,
and then theres ed, he illegally drives cabs to not become homeless.
Its fairly understandable that hes not happy about this, but at least he still has his friends, Marv, Ritchie and Audrey.
Audrey is eds best friend and shes the one who gave him the idea of driving taxis, he has also been madly in love with her for years.


She tries her best helping him to get his life back together,
Hes started to cook for himeself
Wash his clothes for himself
he doesn't iron his shirts much but she feels that thats allright

He has brown eyes, half tanned skin and coffee brown eyes.
His muscles aren't anyting special and he doesn't stand up straight.

Audrey often plays cards with ed and they friends,
they play a game called "annoyance" for the simple reason that its the only game that doesn't cause unnecessary arguments that destroy the atmosphere.


One day ed started recieving playing cards in his mail, **DUBIOUS** letters at that, audrey didn't know what to think of it until he started running of fto locations described on the cards
when they talked about what he had done there, he said that he read to an old lady, helped a young girl and was tasked with killing a man who was abusing his wife almost every night,
ed stated that he took a gun and put it in his face, when he pulled the trigger, he shot at the sun and the man ran off never to be seen again.

Audrey was distraught hearing this and they ended upü arguing for no real reason, he said he was doing the town dirty laundrey while everyone sleeps..... sounds familiar.... BATMAN!











[10]
the short story explains a small girls struggles of having a dark skinned father while she was flying on a plane alone,
in the story she has to sit next to an adult couple and who , after seeing her dark skinned doll, batter her with racist and desensitized questiosn about her family and whispering about her while she is pretending to sleep.
in the end the girl gets to sit with a stewardess but sadly the couple isn't punished for their actions.